audio1716081187Daniel: [00:00:00] Ooh, great. Thank you. just to make sure, how much... I want to be respectful of your time, but how much, how much... When, when do you have a, a firm cutoff? Catherine: Oh, 11:30. Daniel: Okay. So we have 25 minutes or so left. Catherine: Would that be okay, would that be enough time? Daniel: It, yeah, I think so, and if it isn't, maybe we'll schedule a follow-up, but I think we should Catherine: be fine.We can connect another time. Okay. Daniel: Yeah. Catherine: Yeah. Thank you. Daniel: f- you know, first of all, just really quickly just set the stage. I've been working with, an organization called the Advanced Regenerative Manufacturing Institute, ARMI. You probably, you may know. Mm-hmm. and within that, I've been running a startup accelerator there, and in general, I just have been involved in bringing innovations to market, basically, in startups, in venture capital, tech transfer, you know, all kinds of things.Mm-hmm. And, and so, and I think our, our connection came through, Nikhil, and so I assume that you, you know what, what they're trying to [00:01:00] do. Catherine: Yeah, yeah, I know what they're trying to do, yeah. Okay. So- I've seen it a couple of times. Mm-hmm. Daniel: Great. So I want us to forget that for, for the purposes of this- Catherine: Oh, okayDaniel: for now. Let's just forget that for now because, what I'm trying to do is really understand your sort of, your lived experience delivering cell therapies at, at, at, at, at the treatment site. And, and- Okay ... in particular, therapies that have to be thawed and then further processed before they are administered.And so- Right ... you know, so, so just anchor your, your, your answers of things that I'm gonna ask you on, on sort of recent examples or workflows where you've had that situation. Catherine: Yeah. Daniel: Catherine: Of Daniel: course ... and it's really a question of how you experience those workflows today and, and what are your wishes, what are your, what outcomes are you trying to achieve, what obstacles do you, you encounter, and, and so on.Catherine: Mm-hmm. Daniel: so, you know, starting there, just to, just to kind of, kind of, anchor things a little bit more, before we, before I start with some of the [00:02:00] questions, can you give me a rough estimate in, in terms of the cell therapy treatments that you work with or that you deal with in your, in your facility- Mm-hmmor in your site, how many fall into the category of, you know, frozen therapies that are received, thawed, and directly administered to the patient versus ones that are received, thawed, but then require some additional processing? Catherine: Okay. Daniel: Roughly, give or Catherine: take. Oh, yeah. Roughly, I would say we're getting requests more and more for processing.I'd say, I don't know, back of the envelope, maybe 30% of our products need some in la- in-lab manipulation. Daniel: Okay. So 30% require some additional processing- Yeah ... before they administer. okay. Yeah And then, how, how do, how do in vivo therapies fit into this, into your overall scheme? You know, when you talk about sort [00:03:00] of, where, you know, like viral vector approaches where the patient is, is, is treated.Oh. There's, there's no s- there's no real cell pr- Yeah ... production to thaw. It's just kind of everything's happening- Catherine: We, we do, yeah, we do not handle any in vivo therapies. Okay. That's, that's all in, that's all handled by the, by the pharmacy department. We don't do that. Daniel: Okay. Great. So great, so let, let me start with, with, with, the, the, the way I do these interviews, it's, it's based sort of on the, on the concept of the jobs to be done, which, which as I said, it, it doesn't, it doesn't really contemplate a solution.It just sort of probes into sort of the, the current experience and what, you know, what are your wishes, what are your obstacles, what, what kind of things do you try- Mm-hmm ... and so on, and what, what are your beliefs in, in, in trying those. So starting with wishes and concerns, you know, when, when you and your team are receiving and preparing cell therapies that we're talking about post, requiring post-thaw processing- Mm-hmmbefore administering, what are your most essential [00:04:00] wishes and concerns? Catherine: Oh, my wish would be that the product came in one, in a single bag or vial that is ready just to thaw and give to the patient. That would be, would be beautiful. we have... There are even commercial products out there that come in multiple bags, four, five, six bags, that, with small volumes that have to be thawed independently and, and have a wait time in between.So when we have, a product like that, you know, it can take three hours for my staff and the nursing staff to administer that product because of the requirement to thaw bag one, infuse it, wait 20 minutes. Thaw bag two, infuse it, wait 20 minutes. So when you've got [00:05:00] multiple bags, that becomes a real problem, or multiple, multiple vials.Just put them all in one thing. Daniel: Okay. Catherine: Daniel: I mean- What's, what, what's the reason they come in, in separate? I mean, is it just because that's how they come, or they're being- God Catherine: knows. Daniel: I see. Yeah. And they're coming from the same, the same company, but they're just coming in different- Catherine: Yeah ... Daniel: bags. I see. Huh, that's interesting.Catherine: Yeah. You know, I think a lot, I think, you know, from my experience in the field is that, I-- there's definitely a gap i- in... You know, I've, I've worked, you know, I've worked in academic medical, medical center where I am now, but I've also worked in biotech before this. Daniel: Mm-hmm. Catherine: so I've... I can see both sides.And I think there's definitely a mis- like, a, well, not a misunderstanding, a complete lack of understanding of how hospitals operate. Daniel: Hmm. Catherine: And, and things that seem very reasonable to a scientist or, you know, product development person in a biotech who's [00:06:00] never been or spoken to anyone in a hospital, seem very reasonable and, and they're completely, like, unreasonable. another, another example of things that we get is products with a super short, expiration time, maybe a less than... 30 minutes or less ex, post our expiration, that also need, manipulation. So we've had examples of products that need to be thawed in two or three vials, need to be certain volumes taken out of vials and placed into a syringe, and get to the patient unit and get in the patient within 30 minutes.Impossible. Impossible in a large hospital. we have to... Because of the regulations, we have to, perform all of those open, open, actions in a biological safety cabinet in a, in a, in a [00:07:00] lab, and then we have to transport it to the patient unit, and then make sure the doctor's tethered to the bed so that you can't wander off, and then throw off the expiration.So things like that. even an hour expiration really is not enough in some circumstances. so... And, and in talking to sponsors, they, they have not-- they don't understand the problem, but they also as well, they're not willing or able or have the data to tell us what the stability of their product is past that expiration time.So, so the product might be stable for four hours. You know, a lot of products that we, you know, that we manufacture ourselves have four hours or more expiration, but it's just not done in the studies. So they, they, they don't know how stable the product is. So they say, "Oh, it has to be an hour, a half an hour."So. [00:08:00] what else? Oh yeah. Well, products, products that come to us where they say, "We need, we need all of bag A and then, you know, like, three hundred and seventy more mils of bag B, and they have to be thawed and pulled," and but what... "Or take out two hundred mils of bag B." Like, why, why are we doing that?Why didn't they do that when they filled the bag? Why are we doing that at the clinical site? Daniel: Yeah. That's really, yeah, I mean, what you're saying is so common, right? That there's no understanding of the actual workflows, and that's, that's one of the things that- Yeah ... you know, w- we stress a lot with, or at least I do with the companies that I try to help, is to, like, really have conversations like this one to understand- Catherine: YeahDaniel: when your product ends up, you know, ends up being administered, what, what happens between when you make it and that, because that, that [00:09:00] makes- Right ... a big difference. And, so I'm glad you're Catherine: bringing that up. Well, can tell you a real... I can tell you a really, really doozy of one that we're dealing with right now.Listen to this. The product comes in, in, 18 individual vials that have to be thawed. Each, each vial has to have a Gram stain performed. Daniel: A, a what? Catherine: A Gram stain. Daniel: Gram Catherine: stain. You know, like a- Oh, a Gram stain ... a microbiology Gram stain. Daniel: Wow. Catherine: Yeah. And then the product has to get into the, into the patient in the OR, and all this has to happen within four hours for a first case patient that will be going into surgery at 8:00 PM.Daniel: Wow That's crazy. Yeah. Catherine: Yeah. Daniel: Okay. So, so this covers a lot of the, of a, of a few things that I, I wanna ask next. But let, let me ask you a clearly a [00:10:00] very, a very, direct question about, like, if, if your wishes were to be fulfilled here that, you know, the, that- Mm-hmm ... the sponsors could do, could do things more logically and, and adapt or more so that they're easily, more easily adopted into your workflow- Yeahthen what outcomes would you be able to then achieve for patients and for your team and for the health sy- I mean, it seems like it would ... Like, maybe this is an obvious question. Like, you'd save time. You would, Yeah ... patients would get, get treatments more quickly, all that stuff, right? Yeah. Catherine: All of that.Absolutely, yes. Because, you know, scheduling is always a challenge. it's al- yeah, it's always a challenge. you know, we, we support o- about 100 clinical trials, and every single sponsor has their own different way of doing the same thing. So if they could standardize and just, and just, do some real basic fundamental changes, like put everything into one container, that would be phenomenal.We'd be able to help ... [00:11:00] We'd be able to enroll, way more patients, and we'd be able to support way more patients, and we wouldn't have to be, juggling quite so much. yeah.And another thing maybe I'll, I'll... I, I can tell you that is a problem is, is some of the clinical trials that they, there's a need for a, a blood sample to be, collected so many hours after the infusion, and then that blood sample has to be, be in a 3:00 PM FedEx pickup. So- Daniel: Wow. So- So you need to, you need to draw blood sample after, sometime after the treatment, and then send it, send it off- Mm-hmmto the s- to the sponsor? Catherine: Yeah. Yeah, to the sponsor. So we, we don't do that part, but the... but what that means is, if the doctor's rounds finish at 11:00, and we have to, you know, if... And then we have to infuse a product, say, and then, [00:12:00] say you have to take a sample four hours after infusion, that means we've missed the FedEx pickup. why can't they use a different courier service? You know, why can't they... Why does it have to be exactly four hours? I understand the... I understand. I was, I'm a, I have a PhD. I, you know, understand the science. You want samples to be taken. But it has to be practical, and it shouldn't be, it shouldn't be the hospital having to change all of their workflows just because FedEx comes at 3:00.Daniel: Wow. That's crazy. Catherine: Yeah, yeah Daniel: OkaySo which of these obstacles would you say are primarily... It sounds like many of these are technical, m- meaning that technical from the point of view of the sponsor versus logistical versus- Mm-hmm ... institutional. Like, how much of this is driven by [00:13:00] the... I mean, everything you've said is, has been driven mostly by the sponsor, or all of it.Yeah. How much of it is driven by- Yeah ... the institution? Are there any obstacles that the institution itself is, is, is making, making things harder for, for the, for this, for this workflow? Catherine: I think, yeah, there are thing, there are things that I think the in- well, not... Well, I'm sure there are things that we're doing that are making things harder. but I think, some of those are driven by the regulations. Daniel: Yeah. Catherine: and because we're in California as well, we saw, and this, it started to come up more and more. you know, we're, we're, we're in California, so we have to abide by, the California Department of Public Health, which requires us to follow the AABB, which is the American Association of Blood and Biothera- Biotherapists rules, by their regulations.And, you know, those regulations we're [00:14:00] gathering are, even though they're, you know, something that we do all the time, is we're gathering are more strict in other parts of the country. Daniel: Mm-hmm. Catherine: And, and so, that leads to a perception that we are putting up barriers, and I've had to do at least three times in the last month, educate people to say, "No, that's not us as a, as a hospital that's creating that barrier, that's a regulation that I can't be met."Daniel: Got it. Catherine: So there is... So and then also in addition to that, we are, we are FACT accredited, and a lot of academic medical centers are FACT accredited. Many biotech companies don't, are not FACT accredited, and they don't, maybe even don't know what FACT is. So they, so we, we, we have rules and way of doing things that companies perceive as being a barrier when we're doing it in order to comply with our accreditation body.So, [00:15:00] and it's again, it's a lack of understanding of, We had a, we had a, a, a sponsor pull out of a trial, recently because we insisted that we needed to be able to inspect the product when it arrives at our facility. We have to be able to open up the duo and look at it to check it's the right thing when it arrives. They also wanted us to store it in their Dewar overnight. but we made an exception to that, but when we're supporting a hundred trials, we can't store, store a hundred Dewars i-in our facility just because everyone wants to store them in their own Dewar. so they pulled out, they pulled out because they weren't comfortable with us opening up the Dewar and checking that they've sent us the right product.Now, that's a re- a regulatory requirement that we do that, but they found that was so unreasonable that they pulled out of the trial. Daniel: Wow. Wow. [00:16:00] Amazing. Amazing. okay. So let me ask you this. when it comes to trying to address some of, some, you know, some of the challenges in the workflows that you're describing- Catherine: Mm-hmmDaniel: w- what have you tried, and what, what makes one thing better than another? And again, you know, w- that could be anything from, you know, I don't know, third-party systems that you think might help to- Mm-hmm ... change, I don't know, changing, trying to change regulate, regulatory, requirements. I, I don't know what they would be, but this is a, it's an open-ended question.Mm-hmm Catherine: Yeah. Well, so, I mean, we do have, we do have, you know, members of staff who are on the, who are on the, you know, on the, the committees that, that the reg- regulatory requirements. So we, we do have that. we also try to... We always, always try to educate the, the sponsors- Mm-hmm ... on why we do [00:17:00] things.We, you know, and then w-we als- and then we pull in, sometimes we pull in the, the PI and our medical director as well to educate them so that- Yeah ... you know, so that they understand that, you know, we've, we've got... and then I'm often pulled in as well, if they won't listen to, you know, my, my staff's job, it is to onboard the trial.Yeah. We, we can often come to a compromise or a, or a, you know, or we can make allowances. You know, we try to be flexible. When, but when, when we feel that it really is going to go against what we're required to do or is, or is a patient safety issue, in the case of the, in the case of the vial, we have to check what, what's in, what's in the product.You know, we sometimes we have to, you know, literally say, "No, we can't comply with that." And, then the sponsors might flex or they might pull out. Right. Daniel: Right ... Catherine: it, that's unfortunate, but we try and work with the sponsors as much as possible. Right. And, [00:18:00] you know, and a lot of sponsors are amenable, like, and, and want to learn and understand."Oh, yikes, we didn't think about that. When we put this together, we thought, you know, that we, we thought your lab, your lab was next to the patient." And we say, "No, it's now it's a 15-minute walk across campus." Yeah, Daniel: yeah. Catherine: To, through, through, you know, into, even into another hospital. And it's things that they just have never contemplated.And so, educa- educating them, Daniel: I bet. That's a huge thing, yeah. Catherine: It's huge. Yeah. Daniel: Yeah. Catherine: But for some things it's too late because they've already decided, they've already packaged up everything. Daniel: Right. Catherine: And it, all the, all the product is made, and now we're telling them, you know, like as in the case of the 18 gram thing, cl- you know, claim, we're saying, "It's not actually logistically possible to do- Rightwhat you asking us to do." Daniel: Wow. Catherine: you know, soDaniel: Try and persuade them So again, it's hard to, you know, I, I asked you earlier to sort of forget what, what Cellular Vehicles is trying to do, but conceptually, forgetting about that [00:19:00] specifically, but conceptually if, if someone came to you and said, "Okay, I hear your pain. I know that you have all these different vials or, or bags that have to be thawed- Mm-hmmand processed and all that, and I have a system that will do it all for you automatically somehow." Catherine: Mm-hmm. "Daniel: And, and it, you know, it'll keep it in a closed lo- in a closed system. It'll... You can put bag one here, and it'll, you know, program whatever, whatever has to happen with everything- Yeah ... just program it in."What must be true- Mm-hmm ... in order for you to believe it? In other words, how, how would you go about... Like, what, what, what, what has to happen in order for, for, A, for you to believe it, and then for you to, try it a- and, and for the hospital to eventually decide, "Yeah, okay, we're gonna bring this in and, and, and, and plug it into the workflow and whatever"?I mean, what, what are your thoughts on that? Catherine: So, I think working with the-- we-the hospital needs to have [00:20:00] buy-in, but I think, you have to work with the companies who are manufacturing the product. Because if they develop product that needs to be thawed in a thirty-seven-degree water bath, and then we come to them and we say, "Hey, we've got this gadget that can do this instead."And if they've not put that into their IND or even tried it, then they're gonna say no. Because, you know, that's not how they told the FDA they were going to prepare that product or how they did, you know, their preclinical studies. So that's one thing. If, and this is why it's su-super difficult because i-if, if a company is-- So say you got the sponsor to adopt the technology and, and then the sponsor came to us and said, "Hey, we've got this product, and now we need you to use this cellular vehicle, gadget to prep it."We're gonna say, [00:21:00] "Oh, w-we, we can't, we... we can't be onboarding equipment that's just for that one trial. Where are we gonna even store it? Where are we going to keep it?" we would also need to... We don't, But, you know, say we could work that out, we would need to, know, we would need, need to see a validation package that, would prove to us that the, the instrument, not just the design, but the ac-actual specific instrument has been validated, and fulfills, all the requirements in the, in the specifications. but we would be very resistant to a sponsor coming to us with a gadget because we know that every sponsor would like to use a gadget, and we would be buried in equipment. So, that's where I think it has to be, if, as you de-- as they're developing this device, it has to be, definitely be a [00:22:00] collaboration between, the The academic medical center's got to really be, like, be involved and understand what it is, and the sponsor, because the sponsor, the sponsor on their own can't implement it, and the hospital on their own can't implement it.It has to be something that has to be, from start to finish. You know, I need to, I need to leave- I- ... my conference room, but I can keep talking to you while I walk to my next meeting, if you want another five minutes. Daniel: Oh, sure. If, if, that gives us some time- Okay ... to wrap up and, and, and that's great. I was- Catherine: Sure.Daniel: That's very nice of you. Thank you. Catherine: Absolutely. I'm just putting you, putting you in, in my bag, in my laptop in my bag- That's okay ... and then I will continue chatting. Yeah. Daniel: Ah, fascinating. So, so the, the challenge for cellular vehicles is quite, quite complicated, right? Mm-hmm. Because you have to have, you have to work with the, with the sponsors- Yeahand each sponsor may be [00:23:00] s- I mean, with, and each sponsor probably has a very different way of thinking about this, right? They have different products- Catherine: Yeah ... Daniel: for different indications. Catherine: Yep. Daniel: And then at the same time, they have to work with you or, or with the hospital. and granted, maybe the hospital's, probably their workflows is, are more similar because they have...I mean, they still... Or maybe not. I mean, what, what's your thought? Catherine: I'm sorry, what was that ca- just what, what is similar? Daniel: I'm, I'm thinking about from the point of view of somebody who's building an instrument, like cellular vehicles or a system that is trying to help, Catherine: Yeah ... Daniel: make the workflow more efficient. Yeah ... they have to work with all the sponsors, and the sponsors are all different because some of them have it, some of them have 18 vials, some of them have three, some of them... I mean, who knows? It's all over the map. And my question is, they also have to work with the hospitals, with the, with the care centers.Yeah. How s- Yeah ... how dissimilar are the care centers [00:24:00] in terms of how they process? Like, if you, you're doing a clinical trial for a company- Oh, I see ... and that company may have three other sites. I don't know, I'm making this up. And how- Yeah ... similar are, are, are the hospitals processing the therapy, if you will?Catherine: I think I, from what I know from colleagues in the industry, I, I... my understanding is that most, most of our, you know, other cell therapy facilities, not hospitals, do, are very similar. Daniel: Yeah. Catherine: and you know, and, we're very similar and we are, we do rely on old, older technology. water baths for instance, and biological safety cabinets, liquid nitrogen dewars, you know, we're not, it's not like anything new and in- innovative is there and that's- Rightand that's because that's like the gold standard. Daniel: Yeah. Catherine: so I think it's similar, but, but I think it would, would [00:25:00] definitely, be a good idea to speak to, to speak to other, other cell therapy facilities to ask them about it too, because you know- Yeah ... you're only getting my perspective. Right. And I can give you an exa- I can give you an example of something that's m- m- maybe a little bit more fundamental.Daniel: Sure. Catherine: Is that, you know, some, some cell the- some sponsors, want, use infusion pumps to infuse product, which is a standard piece of equipment on a- Right ... on a patient unit. the nurses all use those every day to infuse all sorts of things into, Mm-hmm. Daniel: Yeah ... Catherine: into patients. some sponsors, require that we use infusion pumps, and then many sponsors say, "Oh, do not use an infusion pump."So they're asking, it's, it's sort of like the opposite to what you're asking me. Yeah. They're asking us not to use a p- a piece of standard equipment, because the people who put, you know, who, who thought this is the way you infuse cells, either [00:26:00] didn't know or, or, and don't, we don't know why. But nurses these days do not get trained how to do manual, drip infusions without an infusion pump anymore.So- Right ... so you've got to really like, you know, navigate all these things, like you said, all these different levels of, expertise and best practice at d- different hospitals, deal with every day, 'cause they want things as standardized as possible. Daniel: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's great. So it's complicated. so when you- Catherine: Yeah, it's complicated. Yeah. Daniel: It's very complicated, and it's also a new ... I mean, it's, it's a relatively new industry, if you will, right? I mean, there aren't, there aren't that many- Yeah ... cell therapies, Catherine: Yeah ... Daniel: I mean, you're doing a lot of clinical trials, Catherine: Yeah ... Daniel: which is, which is the bulk. Do you actually, do you actually work with, approved cell therapies, administering those?Or, or is what you do most- Yes, we do You do? Yeah. Okay. Catherine: We do. We have about, I [00:27:00] wanna say, I think, 12 or 13 approved commercial- Mm-hmm ... cell therapies on our books right now, and there's always more and more coming out And, and because some of these cell therapies, these commercial products, because the clinical trials were done in a certain way, like multiple bag infusions, now that they're a commercial therapy, they are still in multiple bag infusions because that was how the big clinical trial was performed.Mm-hmm. So it's really important that clinical trials are performed in a way that's efficient, otherwise the dysfunction continues after FDA approval. Daniel: Mm-hmm. Okay. Interesting. Well, it's a fa- I mean, I really wanna ... w- we can stop here, and I, I, I'll, I'll stop by asking, you know, A, is it okay if I connect with you again at some point and, and either ask follow-up questions or, or maybe we can have a follow-up meeting.Catherine: [00:28:00] Yeah. Daniel: That would be, that would really ... This is really helpful. Again, you're, you're, you're pointing out the, the reason why these, this approach of, of inquiry is so, important and so valuable because the whole point is to try to match, you know, new innovations to current workflows. And, you know- Yeahthe problem is that- Yeah ... you know, having been, having been on, on, on the entrepreneurial, side of things for so many years, I know because I'm, I'm s- I sometimes fall into this trap myself, where it's like, you know, the inventors are always super, super happy with their invention, whatever Catherine: it might be.Yeah. Oh, yeah, and they're brilliant, you know, brilliant inventions, but it's gotta work for the people every day who's gonna use Daniel: it. Exactly. Exactly. If it's not adopted into the workflows of clinicians or supply chain managers or patients, I mean, it just, it doesn't work. So- Catherine: Yeah ... this- And it could be the best thing ever in the world, but if [00:29:00] it- Daniel: Yes.Catherine: Yeah. Daniel: It can be the best Catherine: thing in the world. So, you know, and the one ... Yeah, one of the reasons I agreed to talk to you today was because as ... This, I want you to try and close this gap, because I see the gap there and I don't, and if, and it's, it's like n- not, not knowing how to close it. And you're like the first person who's ever called and asked me for input.Daniel: Oh, Catherine: well, that's great. And so I would be, I would be very, very, very happy to give you- Ah ... more input because I feel like- Oh, Daniel: super. Catherine: Super ... this is the future, the future of the industry. And, but not just, you know, the industry, but also, you know, future for, for patient access because as we get more and more cell therapies, doing everything in a lab with biological safety cabinets is not gonna be able to keep up.So, Daniel: Great. Catherine: Yeah. Well, I'm so, I'm so glad. I would be happy, I would be happy to, to p- po- you know, give you my knowledge. Daniel: Oh, that's, that's wonderful because that's, again, this is [00:30:00] how real innovation can, can ... or, or you can inform real innovation is by understanding- Yeah ... the realities of the gap. Yeah. Catherine: Yeah.Definitely. Definitely. Okay. Otherwise, I'm part of the problem as well- ... if I don't do that. Daniel: Fair enough. Fair enough. And you're right that, cellular, cell therapies and regenerative medicine and so on, I mean, there's, there's definitely seems to be, for sure, a, a promising new, new generation of, of cur- of, of treatments and cures frankly for some people.I mean, I'm, I'm working with one- Yeah, yeah ... I'm working with a company, called, Papillon. I don't know if you've come across them at all. Catherine: Carter- No, Daniel: I Catherine: haven't. No ... Daniel: Carter Cliff is the CEO. He's, Carter Cliff's involved in many, many cell therapies, so maybe you know him. But, but they, they're developing a cell therapy for Friedreich's ataxia, and it would be a once and- Okayit's a once and done therapy. It would literally be curative. Catherine: Wow. Yeah, it's Daniel: pretty cool. So it's ama- I mean, it's [00:31:00] very cool, right? Catherine: Pretty cool stuff out there. Yeah. Yeah. Daniel: I mean, if it w- I mean, we'll see if it... I mean, obviously they're, they're, they're just about to go into a phase one, two trial, but man, that, that kind of stuff is really exciting.Right. Catherine: Yeah, it's all very exciting, all the different things I see every day. Daniel: Yeah, I bet you do. I bet, I bet it's really, really cool. Well, Katherine, thank you so much for taking the time, and for your kind offer to- Oh, Catherine: you're welcome ... Daniel: spend more time, 'cause, I'll, I'm, I'm sure I'll take you up on that, and I'll, I'll, I'll try not to- Yeahnot to abuse that. and, again, thank you and, I really appreciate all the input, all the insights, and I'm sure we'll talk again soon, and I hope you have a great rest of the day. Catherine: Yeah. Thank you so much. Great to meet you. Daniel: Likewise. Take care. Bye-bye. Catherine: Bye-bye. Bye.